This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

(The transcript isn't good, but can be useful for timing).

Jean Boussier: Hi everyone. So it's just a small forwards. You see v00 of this talk. Nothing is very final. Just slides are just using a quick markdown thing and I'm mixing actors we've Speaker notes basically. So if you're seeing this is because I probably ask you for feedback. congrats And yeah, I'm gonna start and yeah, we go.
Jean Boussier: Okay, so I would probably start to talk with a bit of presentation of myself, except I don't know long. I need for the rest of the content, so that's something I will add later on say no. How much time I have left. So, I've been contributing to Ruby and rails for about 10 years right now. And I think when I give this to presentation sorry of my first real race contribution, I think a teeny ico correction a few years probably over. That's about it.
Jean Boussier: and I'm gonna present two major bugs, it's in rails, and it's just a protects to make a reflection on or to debug things to behave about open schools and things like that. So it's a very first book I fixed in February 2014 and it relates to actually record contour caches. If you don't know what that is, I'm gonna explain this in detail very soon. but first a bit of background on all I came to States that work in 2013. So 10 years ago I joined Shopify office in Montreal and the context was very peculiar because it was a new office where barely 10 people and before kept being errored and everything. So we didn't always have walk.
Jean Boussier: To do so I just went to find ways to keep myself busy. And one thing I did was just look at old bugs in okita repository, and try to fix them which I don't need to make a bit of a bug fixer called genital reputation for myself. And one day, my lead just came to me with a performance issue. It was seeing in prediction cool as the issue. So this is my sequence look where reports from production, and what we were seeing is that there was a account query, taking 126 minutes against which Is quite massive honestly. So in this context it was from a background job. So not as big of a year, but it was still putting a lot of pressure on the database for no good reason.
Jean Boussier: generally what you do with rails for fast counts is you use contour caches But for some reason, when I looked at this table, I saw there was a contour cache for it. But when I did blame, I saw that. Someone did explicitly stop using it.
Jean Boussier: spinning King a bit more into Gita by font a report from a few months back, but We're showing that the confer caches were very obviously wrong. If you can see on the right side we were showing negative products for some collections which makes absolutely zero sense. invite a story. I saw that a few colleagues tried to fix it. In various ways. They even have 20 to move us into Reggie's, thinking that would fix, but it was some kind of race condition but release was more actually making something if nothing works. And so the bug was left there for quite a long time, possibly a year or something. So just to understand contour caches works is that let's say you have a collection stable and a correction as many in belongs to many products. But that's what free as many
Jean Boussier: whenever you create a product, it's gonna increment The products count in the associated collection, it belongs to, and when you destroy one, it's just gonna decrement it. If you look at the sequel layer for it, you see that it's two queries but are done inside this singular transaction, and that's the increment and incremental atomic. If you see the set product cons, minus or press something. So there's no possible responds here. it's atomically inside the database.
00:05:00
Jean Boussier: so when I looked at this I immediately think it's not concurrency, or contention, or anything because this Secret transaction is very, very solid. There is no way. This is it and This video hasn't been in real since. As far as I can remember, it's pretty sure that's way before when I know. So it's like Someone would have not hit these clearly. So I started to look at the implementation to see the only wrong with them, maybe we were bypassing them or something. so, This was 10 years ago so it was raised 3.2 At the time. This was implementation for contactash so don't try to read It's very cryptic. Its lot of metaprogramming. But if we just team it a program, it looked like it was
Jean Boussier: For every contact cache it was a after create and before destroy, callbacks record callbacks and so, whenever you would it was called backs, it would then perform The atomic incremental decrement inside The same transaction.
Jean Boussier: As far as I could tell there's nothing wrong with that. My only worry, whether those are callbacks and you can actually do actually record operation and bypass code box. If you use lower level APIs, So ideally to application to see initially, if I talked we must be bypassing them somewhere but after auditing always a good, perfect couldn't find any events of that. so, at this stage, I was a bit lost and I decided to Try to exercise this try to figure out a reproduction in a smaller environment because shopify code should be fine. Only, it's not ready to start to work with. But I wanted a smaller operation.
Jean Boussier: And so I created a very small application, using contagious. Nothing so,
Jean Boussier: I just played for a long time creating and deleting products and stuff until at some point, I don't quite remember, sorry, it was 10 years ago, but I ended up mashing the destroy button like a crazy On my browser. And I was able to reproduce the book as you can see on that screenshot, the contour cash is one product, but we actually have two products in the list. So if any part is that 10 years ago, I had no problem reproducing these variability but on what they're not where the race condition is so much smaller than I had to put sleeps everywhere to be able to replace it. so, That was bingo, right? Because I had a local. I managed your body, sitting insulation province of agencies and I had logs of what happened. So here you can see the logs and I
Jean Boussier: I liked it the different processes and you can see a yellow process is loading the products and later destroying it and the green process is also loading it before the, one destroyed it and then this rate it's actually later on. And both transaction succeeded and both. Transaction runs the update. so it's a good thing here is that since we're using a job for database is to serialize concurrent events. So if you have a race condition on the database, you can almost always reproduce it as a linear stream of events. And so you could replace this in Ruby by just in the talking involved. You can just load the same products at the same recall twice, and then destroy Both copies of it. And that would produce the same thing.
Jean Boussier: And so, At this age, I understood what was going on. Is that
Jean Boussier: The destroy end up doing a delete and doesn't care whether it matched something or not. If you it, did it from curry and it doesn't delete anything, it's gonna be a success. so, if you recall twice and delete it twice, it works twice.
Jean Boussier: The problem is that. we also decrement,
Jean Boussier: So I will thanks to that there was able to create a simple test case. So I'd like a good feedback loop to work on a fixed experiments with things. This is quite important not to have to create records by end. In a browser every time you want to repeat you really want something where you just run a single command. And under second you have you answer, right? but,
00:10:00
Jean Boussier: At this stage, I had noticed, I had prove that the bug was inside rights, which really, really surprised me. So, I thought It's not possible, no one else running to it. So I just look into the Github tracker and indeed some other people were running to it and even proposed the pull requests to fix it. But the solution was to add a pessimistic clock which would create a lot of contention would be terrible for pavements and so the pH is left there for a couple years and nobody like it was acknowledged by race called but it wasn't Jean's a good fix.
Jean Boussier: so, back to my secret share when I was playing with it, I realized so The delete succeed, both time but my secret does know whether it actually deleted something or not, it's clearly showing it towards right there. Seeing one or affected or zero rules affected So, if we could access this information from Ruby, we could decide whether we need to determine the counter or not.
Jean Boussier: and it turns out about We do have this information in Ruby, and if you do something like, something like, Julie told it actually returns, this information, which is a number of affected rows. And ultimately destroy is just calling into digital. So we do absolutely have this information.
Jean Boussier: Problems though, is that? information is presentation. Deep inside actually record, but contour cash is where implemented almost as user code as a callbacks. So they really didn't have access to anything. so the fix was to refactor them to be a first class teacher rather than, something using callbacks And by implementing them inside destroyed role and create row. We could have access to as a number of affected growth and conditionally determines the counter on.
Jean Boussier: so, I was quite confident. I had a good fix here, but You never know. Maybe The only issue? Maybe that wasn't very performant. Maybe, I don't know. So residents like to directly submit appear and try to get managed and everything and even if it was managed, we would need to upgrade to the next major version of phrase before we could benefit from it. So priority was to fix it in production to just validate the fix. So what I did was to convert these six into a monkey batch that we managed to apply in human relief. And on see what I was applied, we started using the product counts, like the contour cache again. and after a couple of months,
Jean Boussier: We saw no more we had to resync all the counters obviously we had to do a migration to put them back but then I run some crazed regularly for a couple months and never so any other decent organization so it's quite confident with a good fix. So it was time to submit it up stream and to get rid of for monkey patch. So priorities, but I had two goods for review and Aaron, which I barely knew at the time. Understand my fixed. I was a bit shocked and disappointed because I was but this is so obvious, right?
Jean Boussier: I think that's sleep. I try to explain again what I was doing.
Jean Boussier: I'm sorry. I messed up here. yeah, I presentation what you eat purpose, another solution. And I can just sleep and said your solution is terrible, we really say. Diplomatic I wasn't very good communicator at the time, and I quite regret this
Jean Boussier: No, but I maintain a lot of projects I totally understand what's happened there. It's just that I had walked on his program for a very long time. I did very deep into it and so everything was very clear in my mind about it. But then, when I wrote it down, it wasn't that careful. Someone just jumping on the issues.
00:15:00
Jean Boussier: when a maintenance review, one of your figs or Pierre, or something, millions can be wrong. anyone else? And especially on something like race, not everybody knows sientage of the code base. So it's normal that's in mind, not have the war context and so as a contributor it's really your job to really dump all the contacts that's necessary to So change you asking for and I really didn't do a good job of that initially. But I was lucky because ouran is extremely sweet. So it just made a joke and moved on many. Other maintenance, would probably have just told me to f*** off. Maybe I should convince him and this was match which made me pretty pretty. so,
Jean Boussier: As I said, I'm not showing off was old bugs, just to show up for bugs. DNA is to make a reflection out of it and so It's a very first point. I would like to make is that the debugging process is it's really just applying the scientific method so there's not a scientific method but Mostly revolver about the same thing. It's just like you observe something going wrong. You make an input disease of all that could happen and when you experiment to try to prove that what it is and if it works then congrats, what happens. If not you need to make a new expertise and go on and you just repeat that until You figured it up. personally I'm Applying a method. I'm
Jean Boussier: More of an initiative person. But if I reflect back on what I'm doing, it's pretty much what I'm doing here. and if you do as a reflect on or you successfully solve some bugs, it probably looks something like that. As you get really, really good, sometimes you just good and so that you feel like you're not throwing that process but actually, you are each is that you get looks here. You get right on your first diversity, which shortcuts everything, but really, that's why it works. So, besides the technical aspects. What I point, I really want to stress is that a bug into one of your dependencies, is a bug in your code?
Jean Boussier: Sure you didn't write it but you didn't try to part of the application. You might work on if you have colleagues and things like that and you should be able to jump on the bug and fix it. your colleague is not there anymore. Always just like the way today. Let's see. Your dependencies. Are your code whether you like it or not, doesn't mean you have to review them before you include them, but it just means that you should be ready to debug them. and also, This implies that if you work on something and you have a manager let's say, you need to don't waste your time on this central code or whatever. You shouldn't need. Any kind of fertilization to submit the request, one of your dependencies to fix an issue. You are having other feature you need or anything like that. It's really part of your application. And you should really convey these to your management or whoever is authorizing you to work on something.
Jean Boussier: When? You can't really speak about. Without our production like you can, but it's just gonna be a stab in the dark. You won't know for sure you did. And so, the very first step of debugging something is really to get a reproduction. And then again, communication is very important. It's one thing to be right, it's another to be understood. So, Tried to be nice and agreeable to make. The person that interview you change one group rather than it being slow or anything. Okay, so
Jean Boussier: no, we jump forward to almost 10 years later into March 2023 where I was made aware of bug into mastodon so forthos would not know. Master Don is some kind of I don't want to see open source Twitter, but An open source social network and it's written in rails and they run into a bag. So, I was just chilling on Ruby cells here, which is an instance of mastodon and still someone code for it saying It's a master and developers are running into a really weird race book and they don't know what's going on and they're very busy. Can use your. And I was like, Okay, I have 20 minutes in front of me. Let's see, it's probably super simple on the next time, we're gonna feel nice about it. so,
00:20:00
Jean Boussier: What people were seeing is that they were upgrading to Ruby is three to one which is fairly recent. After a while, they would see with 500 euros.
Jean Boussier: Lowering the thread they show. The back phrase, which I read. And so you can see here that they're trying to access. the idea of a record and it fails because att the Instance, variable Holding the attributes of the record is Neil. so that was quite weird, but I thought Okay, just looking at the back phrase, I was like, Okay, I think which is this. I talked about
Jean Boussier: The way, cutting the working idea on a record. That doesn't have a 90. So you look into the eskima and see, this table doesn't have an ID so I was just assuming it's a small race. Limitation, like something, we got to work with or whatever. I was totally wrong. I totally ignored all the information but would have told me right from the get-go. But, couldn't absolutely, but I was way too overconfident. I thought it was a simple issue. It really wasn't.
Jean Boussier: so, I quickly corrected myself and said, Read the back phrase again. So that we're actually cutting ash for those who don't know, Ash is in Java will be ash code. It's the method that's written not cryptographic but a sorry returns a number for the using to hash tables. So actually what's happening here is that it's not what we're calling IDs but we're using a record As of Ashley.
Jean Boussier: So, I also need this but it was inside martial art, meaning that it's not even code in the application that was doing that. It was martial. Trying to reconstitute a graph of objects where a record was actually so,
Jean Boussier: This code has been working for a long time on Ruby's three, one and order. And suddenly people are going to street and it breaks. So The obvious respect is a change, in martial code inside, Ruby itself. so I looked at these but honestly, if you're looking at I don't think I ever find the bird looking at the diff unless it's really just like five commits or something. Yeah I was looking at a year worth of change inside syrupy so it's really not the way to go. So at least I think we needed a bit more information. So, I kept monitoring the thread and
Jean Boussier: And someone probably did an important information at this point. Is that they were able to reproduce the bug Reading the cash generated by Ruby's 3.2 into Ruby's trio. Which meant that at this stage, we didn't know whether it was martial laws, I think a problem or my shelter them having a problem. No, we knew for sure. It was done Free tool was generating a cache in a format that was incorrect.
Jean Boussier: the good thing is that someone later on shared one of us payloads so I could get my end on it and try it by myself because it's one thing to Read what people notice. It's another one to have the same information and them and be able to dig for yourself and deteriorate.
Jean Boussier: so the master and nightmare did absolutely spot and very important points is that the ant attributes, instant variable for the object, But causing problems was serialized after the users. And so to understand the importance of this, we need to explain a bit of martial works. So at this stage, I was respecting that we were coding, ash on a nonfully initialized active record objects. I was able to reproduce exactly the same error By just allocating. So for those who don't know, Allocates is what you create a Reggie object but you bypass the initialize method. So I could allocate to actually record objects.
00:25:00
Jean Boussier: And call Ash on why it was still missing all these instant viable.
Jean Boussier: And just because I know a betrays, I know that. For such a model to be used as a hash key. the most likely place would be the association cache, because if you have A statues but as a notor and the others statues. We're gonna have two way references. And so you actually record your instances that are returned to secular references and that's all they end up in.
Jean Boussier: so, Again, sometimes reproducing with the full code is a bit odd and it's can be easier to make a teeny prototype or a team simplification of whatsapp. And so here are just doing a borrow but what we have a bit record wound. and so, We?
Jean Boussier: Sorry, we initialize it with the
Jean Boussier: We initialize it with a reference to us, but reference itself in a key. and then we just marshall them in martial law, it and we can reproduce the issue the important part of this reproduction. Is instance, variable order as you can see. The association cache is sterilized before the attributes. This is what causing the issue. If we were to theorize them in the different order, then it will work.
Jean Boussier: And so yeah, let's dig a bit infomercial to understand how it works. So, It's probably not a proper term, but I'd like to say, Marshall is a stack based format. So it just commercial them is a stream of directive and martial is just applying them. It's just treating them one by one, and constructing, a graph of objects, after all of this operation, one by one. So if we break down what's happening in this class, for which is something like a simple object of two attributes, if we decompose the stream here we just have a simple martial prefix. That's always going to be there. Then there's a character which marks but there's an object coming up here and this is always followed by a symbol which is the name of the class. Then Martial writes that base two.
Jean Boussier: Instance ble coming. And then each instance variable is first a symbol and then another objects in this instance, it's like two integers. So it's ranges as simple as so, if we were to translate what Marshall is doing up there, it just really allocates the object as I showed before. And then settings instance, variable one, after the other, And the key thing to understand is that this is really seek control, it's no atomicity right there, like any other Ruby code was already good.
Jean Boussier: The object is created in a non-complete states. And when it's slowly, Augmented. so, my story at that point, was that
Jean Boussier: Martial would store or statues objects into a large before it was fully initialized. and that somehow on older, rubies attributes would always be before the association cash but not on three points. so, as we showed the old bug is likely due to ordering. So it's important to instant variable or other than One thing to note though is that Ruby doesn't really specify, it's not really part of the Ruby Spec, or instance, variable or other but yet it has an impact on operating progress. so,
Jean Boussier: on instance, variable of an object, it's simply going to be ordered in the same order they've been created. So here you can see two different classes. Once initializing a first, and vanities user B, and you can see that they return. The instance variable In that order.
Jean Boussier: So, In Ruby's, 3.2 there was a new Performance feature implemented, which is object shapes. There was a few talks by several people on it. I'm sure you can find them online if you intrigued, but I explaining of the work, it's really beyond metal. but an important change they made is, but with shapes The instance variable ordering is no longer a pair It's a pair instance. So here for example of his class is this class as two meters. One defining instance, variable in one order and another in the inverse order. And you can see that on three one, both instances here. Return instance, variable in the same order, but in three two, it's no longer the case.
00:30:00
Jean Boussier: Because in three one, when you would define an instance, variable, for the first time, it would record on the class the index of that variable. And then it doesn't matter if, their instance, decades in another order. It doesn't care. The other is gonna stay consistent. Whereas, on, 3.2 it's on appearance, that's And I just happened to know this because I work closely with the people who implemented it around and GMO. So, No, we had a vague idea of what was happening, which was a cause by ordering on, instance, variable, and we knew a significant difference in rubies, we're going to in term of variable ordering. So we had two piece of the puzzle and we needed to theory that would identify both. so I was looking for my theory at that stage was
Jean Boussier: It's probably a way you create this statues. But define instance, variable in a different order somewhere in active record and so great for it and I'm from this, I found that if you duck a record, we set the association cash first and then, Wikipedia variables so, that was a very big smoking gun. And so, yeah, I very quickly erupted on the thread thing, like, yeah, upon dates, and I reproduced it in a console. I was able to crisis statute that you load the statues listed variables, that attributes before association cache. So this is correct this whole point. But then,
Jean Boussier: If I dip it and listen instance variable the other is totally different and the association cache is before. Meaning if we cash this into martial, it's gonna be broken. So I had a repro here so it's a bit wonky. but, I actually missed Which I realized a few minutes later is that I had this repro only after missing in the console for a very long time, and when I exited the console and tried it, again, it wouldn't work anymore. And that's where I remember. Another thing about Ruby Shades is that If you create too many different a same objects and you're sitting in too many different ways at some point, that's gonna cost performance issues. So the VM just gonna say, okay we stop using shapes for that class.
Jean Boussier: And what's called shape to complex. it's a flag on the class. And so, for my report to work, you first need to mark this class as to complex. And so I do this by setting just creating many different statues, instance, and setting, random variable. I believe that's rhinos. It could cut off. Point is eight different shapes before it starts to become too complex. Why you stand here? But it's probably fine. so, I know, shapes work, but I'm not really the maintainer or anything. So, I went to concert with Aaron, Patterson on what we could do about it.
Jean Boussier: yeah.
Jean Boussier: So, that's exactly what I just explained. so, when a class is Marcus shape to complex, the next instance is of that class won't We store their instance variable in a very different ways. Instead of being stored linearly inside the objects that be stored in what's called the 90 table, which is a ash mapping presentation inside Ruby. And the important part is that it's an ordered ashman. So you cannot control the order of the attributes anymore. And that's exactly why it was up to reproduce. So no. We had a repro which means we knew what the book was. We had to work on a fix. so, the very first start is okay, but just,
00:35:00
Jean Boussier: Ruby's 3.2 making a breaking change and we should fix it in Ruby which is true. But
Jean Boussier: The fixed will pick a lot of time to be implemented, really and people to a grip to rubies two point three or something. so, I wasn't happy with just staying these the masterton user really needed to walk around to be able to a great ruby and get the performance about it. And so I think caching active record objects relying on such a small implementation detail but it's subject to change in the future was quite brittle and would probably come to bite us later in the future. So I believe it's actually bugging rights. And so, we needed to fix it both in ruby and in rice and also That's the one thing that it means that and surprised me at the same time, is that Shopify had been running, Ruby's 3.2 for several months now. And we never run into bed bug.
Jean Boussier: And the reason is that we stopped using martial for red dot cash because of similar issues, we're running to in the past. Instead we use more. Strict say realizer but just really is gonna rejects anything. We don't expect and also say allies actually records in a much more preferment So the proper fix for master then to just not wait for a right speaks or ruby fix was probably to do something similar.
Jean Boussier: So I just implemented a very simple thing for them. It's just like, in the court sideways. The I just converts the active record into a simpler structure. Viscode was pretty much extracted from packet to. I just made it synchron for them, and the important part is that Reservant just feed the world complex object to Marshall. You just give it to structure of basic types, like Aries ashes, things like that. So for instance, Cellulating your active record for Marshall is just like a Nari. Let's start with the class name, the attributes in the same format, we would store them in the database, so it's really all primitives. And then we just told whether the record was basically still. you can see the full implementation if you use, but really, it's not that complicated.
Jean Boussier: funny enough Visa. So Broad bf elements improvements because martial arts realize the entire state of your objects and in an active record ways and many things that are written and information for performance reasons, and things like that but could be recreated later on. So Marshall is wasting a lot of time sayurizing things. We don't need to be sayurized. So in the end after it, sticks payloads. the size of the cash was cutting off. And to say, I was 40% faster. So that was quite a bit. so, Fixing in Macedon was nice, but clearly we wanted to fix it in race as well because some other people will run into this issue later on.
Jean Boussier: initially, I was just About two parts. The same code. I had two master done, but when I realized we could do it in even more efficient way.
Jean Boussier: With Marshall, an object can control. it's done by Marshall by implementing two specific methods, which are Marshall done and martial load. And by doing so we no longer need to include the all one class name and do the phones get and everything to whichever one class. We can just let you do its thing and we just store the attributes and with the way in your record or not and then the associations
Jean Boussier: and on the load side, it's really the same thing, Which is martial goose thing but only with basic simple types but won't change.
Jean Boussier: And similarly but actually was even better than the Macedon things like this time. the payloads were three to four times smaller with my test data and just aization, twice faster. So there was really like a no-brainer Unfortunately, you can just change.
Jean Boussier: Or record or something? It's realizing cash because otherwise when people were great they're gonna have situation of unless they have some of the atomic deployments but nobody has that. Is it gonna have a situation running at the same time? So you need to see all vision of rails to understand was a new version of race rights things into cash and the other way around. So this newbie, if you ask to be enabled after your free world, 71 With a flag, you can have a look at the request. If you interested
00:40:00
Jean Boussier: No, it doesn't have to be fixed in So around Patterson and Gemma, took care of this. so, The patch is much more complex than what I'm showing here, but Essentially, it's really just this. of objects with the shape to complex, where stored in an ID table, as I explained was another ash Instead, Ruby actually was another actually building site, which is ordered any, which is basically the one that is backing up your ruby ash that you're using which is stable. the only dance activities that sgtable use a bit more memory than ID tables but this is for objects but
Jean Boussier: Are already de optimized basically. So it's a huge Doesn't make a huge difference in the current scheme of things. As I'm registering as I'm recording, this talk The fix has been back. Matched on Ruby, Master Branch and has been marked to be by ported for two three. But it doesn't happen yet, but supposedly It will come at something. so, if you will take aways from the same first Even 10 years later, I'm still jumping to conclusion way too quick. but, Maybe I'll get better in 10 more years.
Jean Boussier: And so, it's way other to debug something for project night nerve, and it is to debug for yourself. When you witness a book by yourself, you can put all the debugs, you can have a very fast feedback loop of experimenting with it. Whether when you're trying to help someone with experimenting the book you have to do a slow back and for suggesting terrorism ideas and you cannot touch it by yourself. So, in my opinion, this is a huge advantage of free software is that You can fix your own bag and it's gonna be so much more efficient ventures. Calling you outline and trying to describe what you're seeing. More technical. Takeaway is be careful with martial honestly.
Jean Boussier: Try not to use it. it's really rifle with food guns about, some fairly is just like here it was because of a change in Ruby, but if you say your eyes, a class with martial art and then later on, you're running an instance, variable. If you deserialize was all payloads, they're gonna be broken. That's why you really don't want you can use it or something like grb, when you just sharing those pillows with the same code, you're running. But as soon as you doing your grades and like that, you really don't want to reuse anymore, that was used by your previous version of your quote. and so being able to go deeper into the layers you're relying on so Ruby and whatever. I understand it can be tricky, but it's also extremely useful.
Jean Boussier: Some parts of Ruby are very hard to understand but someone says are not that complicated. So if you have some basics in, I really recommend just, asking yourself question of those is working Ruby and just dig into it. another thing is Never increments something as non-deterministic or so, my vitaministic. It's okay to have something.
Jean Boussier: To have a very specific behavior, but If you repeat the same step, it should really be in the same order. That wasn't the case of shape to complex attributes, and I think it's better Novak. it's fixed to be ordered, it doesn't matter that. The ordering may change between Egypt to complex order to complex. it's a bit annoying but it's not huge deal, but I disabled with absolutely terrible because it was essentially random independent on oily, like the order on which symbols were defined as absolutely terrible. And that's all Not every ruby behavior is intentional and guaranteed to stay there.
00:45:00
Jean Boussier: around in German, no problem changing or attributes other. behaved simply because it was not part of the Ruby Spec and that was the okay to change it for in favor of Ruby of optimizing the VM so, Be careful about relying on pretty things like this. It's just like a general takeaway that's about what I had. Thank you.